[general]
name=Geodit
qgisMinimumVersion=3.40
qgisMaximumVersion=4.99
description=Edit your Geodit survey area in QGIS and keep it in sync with the server (project owners, admins and editors).
version=1.2.0
author=Antef Tech
email=anteftech@gmail.com
about=Requires a Geodit account (https://geodit.in), for project owners, admins and editors. Sign in to Geodit, open a map-based project and work on the features inside the survey area assigned to you. Edits you save in QGIS are uploaded automatically, following the project's Page access, and changes made on the web or in the Android app are downloaded at a configurable interval. Works offline: unsynced edits stay on this computer until the next sync. Turn on Data and click a feature on the map to open its survey response in a separate Feature form window and view, edit or create it, following the project's Web access settings.
tracker=https://github.com/arshdoda/geodit-qgis-plugin/issues
repository=https://github.com/arshdoda/geodit-qgis-plugin
homepage=https://github.com/arshdoda/geodit-qgis-plugin#readme
category=Vector
icon=icons/geodit.png
tags=geodit,survey,sync,field data,collaboration
experimental=False
deprecated=False
server=False
changelog=1.2.0 Feature form: a response being edited shows what it stores, and defaults fill only a new one; Save sends only what changed, plus any calculation the response doesn't store yet; a stored calculation is recomputed once an input it reads is edited; repeating entries keep their own ID numbers when one is removed; answers too long for the server are caught before saving; the close prompt asks only about your edits. The status block says when the server refuses to show a response's status, and locks while a change saves. Sign-in: without "Stay signed in", closing QGIS signs you out; signing in as someone else signs the remembered account out; after too many attempts, Sign in counts down until you can try again.
  1.1.1 Passes the plugins.qgis.org secrets scan: the feature form's example PAN no longer looks like a key.
  1.1.0 Feature form: click Data in the Geodit panel, as on the web map, then a feature on a Geodit layer, to open its survey response in its own window with the web's header (feature, response, surveyor, verifier, status), a tab per page and Save on every page; while Data is on, the panel lists which layer has which form, and where features of layers with a form overlap, a list lets you pick the one to open, as on the web map. View, edit and change the status of a response, or create one for a feature without; repeating pages, rules, calculated and layer defaults, uniqueness checks and photo / signature / PDF / audio / video uploads work as on the web. What you may see and change follows the project's Settings > Web access exactly as on the web: the Map page for editing and deleting features, the Data page and the answer-sheet switches for the form. A redesigned Geodit panel that uses its full width: projects in one to three columns, one click opens a project; a sync status band tinted by the state that never claims more than it knows; Needs attention under it, only when something does (click a row to zoom); the account menu on every page; a layer removed on the server is listed under Needs attention, where a click removes it from QGIS and from this computer.
  1.0.0 First stable release: Geodit is no longer experimental, so the plugin manager lists it by default.
  0.3.4 Code clean-ups for the plugins.qgis.org security scan.
  0.3.2 The sign-in page no longer asks for a server: the plugin always signs in to Geodit.
  0.3.1 Fixed installing from the Geodit plugin repository (QGIS stored the plugin under the wrong folder name).
  0.3.0 Listed in the official QGIS plugin repository (and the Geodit plugin repository); the sign-in server menu offers Production and Custom URL (the Development and Local presets are gone).
  0.2.2 Fixed features disappearing when zooming in (and layers sometimes showing nothing): the plugin no longer switches its GeoPackages to WAL journaling under QGIS.
  0.2.1 Projects without a survey area assigned to you are listed but can't be opened; a project whose area is unassigned while open turns read-only and still uploads saved changes; features partly inside your survey area sync; downloads every minute and uploads 3 s after saving; layers show as each downloads and the map moves to your area; a save no longer waits out a retry pause; switching projects during a sync no longer skips the new project's first sync; redrawn survey-area polygons are downloaded again; layers with attributes named G, gid or op sync; smoother panel (no field refresh or flicker every sync); per-sync timings in the log.
  0.2.0 Only project owners, admins and editors can sign in; expired projects are hidden; editing follows the project's Page access (view only / no delete); only features inside your survey area sync, with an error while drawing outside it; Discard unsynced changes; a redesigned panel (light and dark).
  0.1.0 First release: sign in (incl. two-factor), map project list, survey-area download, automatic two-way sync (last write wins).
